Update CHANGELOG for v1.11.0 release (#5596)
spiffe/spire: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [1.11.0] - 2024-10-24

### Added

> - Support for forced rotation and revocation (<https://github.com/orgs/spiffe/projects/21>)!!!

Reviewer: Are the "!!!" intentional?

Author: Yes, I was just excited :) I can remove

- New EJBCA UpstreamAuthority plugin for SPIRE Server (#5378)
- Support for variables in templates contained in the config file (#5576)
- Support for the configuration validation RPC on all built-in plugins (#5303)
- Improved logging when built-in plugins panic (#5476)
- Improved CPU and memory resource usage for concurrent Kubernetes Workload attestation (#5408)
- Documentation additions and improvements (#5589, #5588, #5499, #5433, #5430, #5269)

### Changed

- SPIRE Agent LRU identity cache is now unconditionally enabled. The LRU size can be controlled via the `x509_svid_cache_max_size` configuration option. (#5383, #5531)
- Entry API RPCs return per-entry InvalidArgument status when creating/updating malformed entries (#5506)

> - Reverted a previous change to the agent health check in 1.10.2 that broke some deployments (#5461)

Reviewer: We released 1.10.3 with this fix, so it's already part of the changelog.

Author: Oh weird. This fix was tagged against the milestone. I'll remove.

Author: I'll also update 5461 with the correct milestone.

Reviewer: We had two separate PRs, one for 1.10.3 (#5459) and one for the main branch (#5461). #5461 Should have the 1.11.0 milestone.

Author: OH right. thanks for the reminder.

- Support for CGroups v2 in K8s and Docker workload attestors is now enabled by default (#5454)

### Removed

> - Deprecated -ttl flag from SPIRE Server CLI (#5483)

Reviewer: I would probably be more specific about the commands affected. How about something like this?
```suggestion
- Deprecated `-ttl` flag from SPIRE Server `entry create` and `entry update` commands (#5483)
```
